Added some changes (#18)
rsksmart/rif-identity-docs: ssi/specs/did-auth.markdown

A challenge–response authentication is a family of protocols in which one party presents a question ("challenge") and another party must provide a valid answer ("response") to be authenticated. {% include ref.html id="10" %}

> DID Auth is a protocol that allows asking the controller of an account to sign a random message, thus demonstrating control of the account at the time of the question. This protocol is used as a login> it allows detecting that the user is in control of the account at the time of access to the application.
> 
> Additionally, it allows the application to request specific data at the time of registration, for example the user's email or telephone number. These requested data follow a specific standard, which allows the client to provide it in a unified way and even cryptographically signed by a third party. That is, the application can ask the user for verifiable credentials, identifying them by their type in a unique way.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
DID Auth is a protocol that allows asking the controller of an account to sign a random message, thus demonstrating control of the account at the time of the question. This protocol used as a login method checks that the user controls the account at the time of access to the application.

Additionally, it allows the application to request specific data at the time of registration, for example the user's email or phone number. These requested data follow a specific standard, which allows the client to provide it in a unified way and even cryptographically signed by a third party. This means that the application can ask the user for verifiable credentials, identifying them by their type in a unique way.
```

### State of the art

Nowadays, authentication is handled in a centralized way. Most applications delegate the process of authenticating users to third-party services, like [OIDC](https://openid.net/connect/), relaying the authenticity of that information on those services providers. The users' information is not controlled by the users theirselves, the third-party services control it.

We believe users are not going to trust their private information to third-parties services anymore, nor applications will trust in data provided by centralized services. In addition, users will ask to disclose the minimum amount of information they can. This is the Web 3.0.

### Motivation

The motivation of this protocol is to provide user centric registration and authentication mechanisms to be used by services of the web 3.0 considering:

- Users are identified by their unique blockchain addresses
- Users hold their private information in user-centric services, or even fully-decentralized platforms

> - Services may require specific user's information to provide access to different users

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Services may require specific user's information to grant access to the service
```

- Services verify the integrity and authenticity of the information shared by the user

> - Services perform different logic depending on the designed authentication model (we call this _the business logic_)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Services perform different logic depending on the selected authentication model (we call this _the business logic_)
```

Author: The job of _designing_ an authentication model is much bigger than just _selecting_ one. Usually, when I talk about _models_ I automatically use _design_ word, is something that must be specifically designed for each use case
